[GH-476] Allow specifying install method for windows_feature resources (#477)
sous-chefs/iis: README.md

- `node['iis']['pubroot']` - . default is `%SYSTEMDRIVE%\inetpub`
- `node['iis']['docroot']` - IIS web site home directory. default is `%SYSTEMDRIVE%\inetpub\wwwroot`
- `node['iis']['cache_dir']` - location of cached data. default is `%SYSTEMDRIVE%\inetpub\temp`

> - `node['iis']['windows_feature_install_method']` - specify the install method that will be used by any windows_feature resources. If ommitted it will not be specified and will the windows_feature supply a default. Valid options are ':windows_feature_dism, :windows_feature_powershell, :windows_feature_servermanagercmd'. Default is :windows_feature_dism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node['iis']['windows_feature_install_method']` - specify the install method that will be used by any windows_feature resources. If ommitted it will not be specified and will use `windows_feature_dism` by default. Valid options are `:windows_feature_dism`, `:windows_feature_powershell`, `:windows_feature_servermanagercmd`. Default is `:windows_feature_dism`
```
